lots of phones, one calling cary  agos
cary agos 
empty office
alicia defend a surgeon, not there because in surgery
junior associate left
they distroyed data on onngoing cases
mr gold still with mrs page
carry came to see the juniors in a pub
they are saying that they are going to Canning (an other firm)
bail of the surgeon revoked
personal biase ? against alicia ?
judge is pissed, alicia confronted him 
KSR = kindnap sedate rape
looking guilty
they found medical supplies in the trunk of his car that made him look like he prepared as they planed for the KSR.
weird man this surgeon, saving kids but creepy as fuck

alicia's detective is called away for 2 month
because peter campaing manager are concerned about them having an affair

lal offered a job to a young women who didn't get engaged a few month ago. Now comes her chance.

the other man who fantacised about ksr whith alicia's client has been called to the stand 
he is saying that he have gone through with it but alicia's associate found in his company record that he was a 4 day drive away when the plan should have been executed.

alicia snaped at eli because she dont want his paranoia about her and her detective(jason) getting in the way of her business.

cary offered the young associate money and changes in their daily job so that they would come back, it seems to be working

surgeon wife is a disaster, she is clinical psychiartrist, and talking like robot, she seems really cold and they are wondering if putting her on the stand would be a mistake because the jury could misinterprate what she is saying.

eli and page are breaking up, because she got to go back to her state.

it was a trick, he hired them back so they talked strategie on a case, making them the lawyers of one the firm's client. So now that this is official they can't use any information from that case in another lawfirm. Which was their plan to get an easy access to canning's firm. So carry fired them 5 min after hiring them to pull that trap.

finally the jury's verdict for the intend of kidnap and rape is guilty. But the judge had a change of heart and decided to vacate the jury verdict and to start a judgement of equital.

is it eli gold's doing ?

he is a lonely man and he is looking for friend presence to talk about that with alicia.

He tells her a six years old secret about a message from will gardner(a man that she was in a relation with at that time and died since) to her in which he was confessing his love to her. But Eli deleted it so that it wouldn't hurt her husband's campaign.

Her face expression totally changed when he told her that. She stared straight into his eyes and whith a calm rage in her voice told him to get out.

END









