Penny and Leonard are freshly married, and it was a surprise.
So Raj and Howard are "kidnapping" leonard away for the week end to throw him a bachelor party.
But the only person that they have to take away against his will to an unkown location is Sheldon. They tied him up and putted him in the van.
The van that they are using is no ordinary van, it was owned by Richard Finnman, a scientist that Sheldon is very fond of.
They reveal during the trip that they are going to mexico, which is a nightmare for Sheldon.
Sheldon is then very happy when he discovers that the house where they are staying is, once again, a Finnman's old property.
Then they have a flat tire in mexico.
Howard removes all of the bolts but one, the last one is stuck making it impossible for them to change the tire.
After trying to unlock it together by pulling and pushing they decide to use their brain.
	First they try with a longer leaver,
	then percussive shock (they are iting the bolt with a hammer),
	thermal expansion (they burn a chips onto the bolt),
	accelerated corrosion (they use the van batterie to put current flowing throw the bolt surround by some mexican sauce),
	finally exothermic reaction (they mix rust and aluminum from the truck to produce thermite, and then fire it up) that last try ends up in burning the van.

On Penny's side, Amy and Bernadette are trying to motivate her into an improvised bacheloret party.
Amy did cookies in a funny shape. But the conversation ends up being about Amy's breakup with Sheldon.
Amy want's to change something about her look and decide to pierce her ears. Penny is volunteering to the task.
Penny and amy are both in a dilema, they didn't tell to their families the recent events in there lives (the breakup for Amy, and the wedding for Penny) and the longer they wait the harder it is going to be for them to tell it.
So to put it to an end, they both decide to call their family. Penny learned that a pet pig is dead (and her parents might have eat it) and Amy end up being punished by her mom to be locked in Penny's closet.

The episode ends on sheldon and leonard returning to their appartement with dirt on their faces and clothe.



