Today, I watched an episode of Dexter (I might come back to the good wife eventually).
The 11th of the second season.
At the end of the last one, Dexter found out that his dad did not die of a heart attack but commited suicide.
He realised that his dad did it because of him.
Because he couldn't bear the evil he saw in the eye of his son.

Learning that put Dexter in very weak position because it questioned the code he lives by. The code his father taught him.
In the first part of the episode we see Dexter strugling with those feeling.
He talked with that cop that he has kidnaped and came to a decision.
He decided that he would turn himself in instead of framing the cop for all the murder he committed  so he left that cop in his cage for one more day to put his duck in a row before doing it.

In the morning he gave Lila a visit, to tell her that she can stop with her false accusation toward one of his friends because she was doing it to get Dexter back. So now that he is going to be inaccessible for good there is no getting him back possible.
Then in the afternoon he gets Rita and her kids on his boat to go fishing in the middle of the sea. He spent some quality time with them and even gave his van to Rita because her car broke sooner that day.
Finally he invite his sister to dinner at his place. They are talking and he is looking for a way to tell her that he is  the Bay Harbor Boucher that she is looking for, but in the discussion she ends up telling him how much he is helping her to keep from drawning in her issues.
Because of (or maybe thanks to) her, he decided not to surrender to the FBI. But he is evolving, knowing that his dad commit suicide because of him broke something inside him.
At the very end, Lila finds the cop that Dexter is planning to frame again. It is a bad thing for Dexter because no one is supposed to see that man held in cage.

We are expecting some change in Dexter's behavior in the next episodes.
In the next episode, we should see the end of the FBI investigation, and a turn in Lila's side story.
