Today, I watched the episode 19 of the first season of the Flash.
The Flash is a young man named Barry Allen, he is working for the police as a forensic scientist by day and at night he is using his speed to fight crime and to find other meta humans.
The meta humans are people who got special abilities the same day as Barry did, the day Star Labs's particule accelerator exploded.

In previous episodes, we discovered that Harrison Wells (the CEO of Star Labs) has been killed 14 years ago, the night when Barry's mother died stabbed in the heart. Their murderer is the same man, the man in yellow who shows the same ability as Barry's. The twist is that this man comes from the future and took Harrison Wells's identity to fullfill his goals. The question is, what are they ?

Barry, Cisco, Catelyn, Joe and Eddie are discussiong how to proceed with their investigation of Harrison Wells. It is difficult for Cisco and Catelyn because they knew him for a long time and he is a mentor to them.

The police is invastigating a case of bank robbery. Apparently, on of the worker stole a lot of money and jewellery from private safes. There is a clear footage of her in action. But she has no prior and she keeps telling the police that it is not her. They are thinking that it might be the work of a meta human who either controlled her or took her form.

Eddie got called by jeweller because someone was trying to sell him stolen diamonds. Eddie called Barry for assisstance. When Barry tried to catch the guy, he morphed into a teenage girl so now and disapeared into the crowd. Now, Barry and Eddie knows that the meta human is a shape shifter.

This meta humans can morph into whoever (or whatever) he touches so Barry needs to stay away from him because he has to protect his identity. They searched for every recent case where people got caught by indeniable proof and still plead their innocence. The very first case of this list was 1 month after the accelerator explosion. A man got arrested and pleaded that he was framed by his former best friend Hannibal Bates.

Eddie was following a lead on Hannibal and found him at his grand mother's house, after a short pursuit, Hannibal took Eddie's form and shot two police officers. The police of police have know the footage of the dash cams showing Eddie shooting the officers. This is an issue because not everybody believes in the meta humans.

Hannibal took Barry by surprise and knock him out at his house. With Barry's appearence, he met he met Catelyn. Together they got to the lab and their "Barry" seemed attracted to Catelyn and kissed her. The thing is that she kissed him back so now we know that something is going on between those two. Then Iris came by and showed them a proof that Eddie is innocent (the shooter on the video is left handed and Eddie is right handed). Then coming from behind, Harrison zaped "Barry" as he was pulling a gun out of his left pocket.
Iris insisted to take him in but on the way Hannibal morphed into a young girl and screamed at the window that she was kidnapped. Then some strangers took her out of the car.

After a while they located him at the airport, Barry as the flash confronted him and gave him a shot of a special serum who detraced his ability. He began to morph into random people and luckily the scene was filmed because it lead to the release of Eddie.
They finally took him to the prison under Star Labs.

In parallel, Joe and Cisco investigate the car accident that killed Harrison's wife and found a body burried in the woods. Harrison Wells's body. So know they have a rock solid proof that the man they know as Harrison Wells is not who he say he is.

At the very end of the episode, Cisco, Catelyn and Barry found in star Labs the secret room of Harrison (we do have his real name but it's weirdly futuristic and doesn't sound like a name). Inside they discover the yellow suit and a screen showing the 1st page of journal, dated at 24 april 2024 (in the futute because it's 2018 for them).

Side note: this serie has an expiration date because 2024 is not going to be in the future for very long.

